Pd 1181 review scale article content for opportunities to organically add seo terms (#2865)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/ReportingScreensSCALE.md

- /scale/scaleclireference/system/clireporting/
tags:
 - reporting

>  - data reporting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To configure a third-party reporting integration, such as Graphite, click **Exporters** to open the [**Reporting Exporters**](#reporting-exporters-screen) screen.

## Report Graphs

> The following sections provide examples of each graph produced through data reporting.

Reviewer: The graph is a form of data reporting but it is produced from massaging data collected from the system so this is not really correct.
```suggestion
The following sections provide examples of each report graph.
```
